README
Exp1:

The benchmarks tp help deciding the “best” TCP variant would be the following:
1) Throughput: Ratio of total data transferred to the time taken to transfer.
2) Latency: Roundtrip time for a packet
3) Packet Drops: Number of packet loss during transmission

Add a CBR source at N2 and a sink at N3, then add a single TCP stream from N1 to a sink at N4. Analyze the throughput,
packet drop rate, and latency of the TCP stream as a function of the bandwidth used by the CBR flow.
Start the CBR at a rate of 1Mbps and end with 10Mbps with increment of 1MB.
Then, start CBR flow and record the data between TCP starts and TCP stream becomes
steady, including the throughput, latency and packet drop rate(y axis)
compare to CBR flow rate(x axis).
To generalize the experiment, we will:
- Analyze the the different situations of CBR start: start CBR flow when TCP flow is steady and start CBR flow before TCP flow is steady
- Vary the timing of flow start times randomly
- Do the test multiple times(>10) and analyze the average, median, and the standard deviation

Exp2:

one CBR, and two TCP. Add a CBR source at N2 and a sink at N3, then add two TCP streams from N1 to N4 and N5 to N6,
respectively. Similarly to Experiment1, start CBR flow and record the data before TCP. Compare the different pairs of TCP variants, and investigate the fairness between them.
To generalize the experiment, we will:
- Run experiment multiple times(>10)
- Vary the relative time when TCP1 and TCP2 started randomly
- Do the test multiple times and analyze the average, median, and the standard deviation


Exp3:

First, start the TCP flow. Once the TCP flow is steady, start the CBR source and analyze how the TCP and CBR flows
change under the following queuing algorithms: DropTail and RED. And to compare the performance of Reno and SACK.
The topology is same from experiment 1 and having TCP flow from N1 to N4 and CBR flow from
N5 to N6.

The CBR flow rate is not relevant, thus set it to a
constant rate(e.g. 5Mbps). Plot throughput, latency and packet
drop rate vs. time(s) graphics and compare Reno(DropTail), Reno(RED), SACK(DropTail),
SACK(RED), CBR(DropTail), CBR(RED) in this experiment.

